https://codepen.io/OuterHeaven/pen/xxEVxJg?editors=1100

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? To make it clear what a particular piece of content is for on the page.
    2. What is HTML used for? It's used to build the the actual content of the page. I
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? It's a property
    associated with a specific element that is placed  within the opening tag
    of that element.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The h1 tag is used as a title for the page and is used only once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    The image tag and the anchor tag.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    metadata for the page.
    7. What is an id? 
    It represents a specific id for an html element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    An id can be added to any html element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once.
    10. What is a class? it's a css selector that allows a style to
    be applied to a single element or a group of elements.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? All elements.    
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As many times as you need.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Add a target = "blank" attribute to the anchor tag.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    It provides alternative information of an image if the user can not view it.
    15. How do I reference an id? Type a # character followed by the id.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    a section is an element that is used for a specific section within a page and a div
    doesn't really have a specific meaning, it's just used to group a particular set of elements together for organization.
    17. What is CSS used for? To apply different stylings to a page.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    use a css selector to apply styles to different elements.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    a class is a selector that can be used to access multiple elements of a page to apply styling to multiple elements.
    For example if you wanted to apply a styling to various h tags on a page you can use css selectors to access the different h tags on that
    page to applying a styling. An id is applied only once on a page and is used to access a specific element.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? use a . followed by the name of the class.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? the same way you
    access any class. Use a . followed by the name of the class.
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    The parent child selector is the > symbol and is used to style a child of a parent.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? you would use a selector div.sidebar.
    24. What is a pseudo selector? pseudo selectors are css selectors with a colon preceding them. For example a:hover.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? use the line-height property.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? use the letter-spacing property.
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? use the text-transform property of css.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? use the border property and assign 1px.
    29. How do I select everything on the page?  use * to access everything on the page.
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? You write a comment using C language style. That is a /* to begin the comment
    and a */ to end the comment.
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? enter pwd into the command line.
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? enter ls into the command line.
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    you have to use the rm command. you have to be careful because you could accidentally delete entire directories rather than a specific file.
    34. Why should I use version control? You should use it because in the event that you want to undo changes made in a recent commit you can reinstate a previous 
    commit to undo changes. 
    35. How often should I commit to github? whenever you're adding something of significance to 
    your code. For example a new feature, method, etc.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin firstname-lastname
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

    1. First you open git bash.
    2. Then you navigate to your project folder that you place all git repos.
    3. On a browser, navigate to github.
    4. sign in and go to the repository page that you wish to download.
    5. Once there, fork the repo.
    6. Then click the code tab and copy the url onto the clipboard.
    7. In git bash, type in the git clone command followed by pasting in the url that you
    copied from github and hit enter.
    8.Once the clone is successful, create a branch by entering 
    git checkout -b command followed by your first name - last name in quotation marks 
    then hit enter.
    9. Once the branch has been created, type in code . into git bash to launch vscode.
    10. complete all your tasks in your code base.
    11. After completing all your tasks, save all changes.
    12. In git bash, enter the command git add .
    13. Then enter git commit -m then a message of what was done in quotations then hit enter.
    14. Push your changes to github by entering the command git push -u origin followed by the branch name.
    15. Go back to github to your forked project repo and make a pull request.
    16. Click on the branch master button and select your name- branch and
    click on the new pull request button.
    17. You'll be redirected to the pull request page.
    18. On this page click the dropdown button that says base repository and change it to the 
    forked repo.
    19. click on the create pull request button.
    20. do not click on the merge button.
    21. submit the url to canvas and your done.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    block elements take up the full width available and inline elements
    take up only the required width to display the contents of the element.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    The element is positioned relative to its first positioned ancestor element
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? make it an inline element by using the inline property.
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    button is inline-block. textarea and input are inline. div, address, article are block.
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
